Add option to configure digest in ActiveRecord Encryption, default to SHA256 (#42929)
rails/rails: activerecord/CHANGELOG.md

> *   Add option to configure digest algorithm in ActiveRecord Encryption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*   Add option to configure digest algorithm in Active Record Encryption.
```

    Rails 7 uses `SHA256` as the new default digest. With this change, Active Record
    Encryption will use `SHA256` too. This can be configured with:

    ```ruby
    config.active_record.encryption.hash_digest_class = OpenSSL::Digest::SHA1
    ```

>     The default has been retroactively set as `SHA1`for 6.0 defaults, so that early apps

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    The default has been retroactively set as `SHA1` for 6.0 defaults, so that early apps
```
